World Nomands Numeric Sequence Calculator
==========================================
World Nomands Numeric Sequence Calculator allows you to generate several types of numeric sequences.

Folder Structure
----------------
Tests - Houses the e2e tests
WorldNomandsNumericSequenceCalculator - Houses the Web site, including Visual Studio 2013 project file
packages - Generated by Visual Studio 2013 for maintain packages such as Angulajs, JQuery and other packages


Server Requirements
-------------------
Any moden web servers will work with this solution.

Installation
------------
1. Download all files to your local file system.
2. Create a new Web site/application via IIS or any other web server and point to the folder where you have downloaded the files to (step 1)

Tools 
-----
Visual Studio 2013
I have used Visual Studio 2013 to edit the source but any HTML/Javascript editor will work fine.

Scout - Compass
I have Scout to generated CSS from SaSS files.  See http://mhs.github.io/scout-app/ for more information.

Testing Tools
----------------
I have used Angularjs Protractor for the e2e testing.  This requires Node.js to be installed. 
See http://angular.github.io/protractor/#/ for more information.


To run the tests,  (providing Node.JS has been installed and Protractor has been installed):

1. Edit the UnitTests.js file that resides under the Tests folder and modify the baseUrl to match the newly created web site/application and save the file.
2. Open up a new command prompt and naivate to the tests folder
3. Type in (without the quotes) "protractor UnitTests.js"
4. You should now see the tests being executed.














